1) Add your database info in .env file
2) Add your login info in user table and assign 1 into the admin field
3) Upload project to your server and login.


DESCRIPTION:
This is a travel website in which is a membership only site. The original developer did not understand 
the complete scope and designed some sections in the wrong places. 
You are just simply fixing and changing wording.

The site when done will consist of Destinations and membership packages. So we will not need bundles. 
It will be repurposed to the resorts that are part of the destination
Destinations needs to be places like city state country with images.

CHANGES
1) Bundles will be changed to hotels/resorts
-pictures, details, pricing, name of property, type of room, amenities, etc
-will be linked to destinations and when user clicks on destinations, it will show all the resorts 
associated with that destination.

2) In the create user section
-no default email populated, password gets a random generated one that user needs to change on 
first login, collect name, address, phone, promo code, and will link to their purchase membership packages.
(When user logs in they will be able to select the destination they want to book, submit their dates 
and admin will see that info as a submission.)


ADDITONS TO ADMIN: 
1) Section to add pages to site
-with permalink
-set different page layouts
-be able import other options from site like featured destinations, membership signup, etc, as a widget or UI block
-Ability to change header and footer
-Ability to change any page
-Add social share/mms/seo data including image and description

2) Section to create site menus
-will be able to add any page or category or destination etc anything that is on the site will 
be able to added as a menu option drag and drop style. 

3) Section to create policies 
-privacy, tos, membership, etc
-option to add that as a check box user agrees to on any form as  required 

OTHER MISC CHANGES
1) remove email address from contact settings in admin 

2) add site favicon in admin so that can be updated by admin 

3) all options need active/inactive option toggle on the list page. Inactive will not show on list for admin unless selected

4) change text on buttons and widgets

5) remove email options on the customer end of the site we don't want our email published anywhere

6) add option to add a popup window 



RESOURCES:
If you want to get an idea of what certain functions in the admin portal how it 
should function  then go to https://farmart.botble.com/admin




